Rule the Court
I'm sure you're sick of hearing this,
but make sure your serves are strong.
We can't do anything about
number ten scoring some points.
Force him to one side and then dig it out.
Yes, sir!
You guys are good.
Yeah!
Don't let Oikawa do whatever he wants with his serves!
I don't care how high you get the ball!
Just dig out his serves!
When you do, someone else will keep the rally going!
Yes, sir!
If an enemy you must defeat
one day is called an archenemy,
then for us, Aoba Jousai is precisely that.
The stage has been set.
The victor in this battle against
our archenemy will be you guys!
Yessir!
In the final set,
we're going to surpass Aoba Jousai!
We'll surpass them with this team!
Karasuno, fight!
Yeah!
Leap and fly! High!
Flecked with blood, sweat, and tears
Those glistening wings can let you leave it all behind
So just fly
H
a
i
S
e
k
y
c
u
o
n
u
d
!
S
e
!
a
s
o
n
Fly high
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Into the distant future
H
a
i
k
y
u
H
a
i
k
y
u
S
e
c
o
n
d
S
e
a
s
o
n
S
e
c
o
n
d
S
e
a
s
o
n
!
The bruise-covered fledgling glares up at the sky
As the ones who've just found their wings laugh derisively
They just want to see the ends of the ocean
Empty your mind
Let the headwinds guide your approach
And with a hop, step, and a jump
Leap and fly! High!
Let your wings, glistening with blood, sweat, and tears
Take you to wherever you need to go
Unleash your unrefined impulses
Uncover your instincts and bare your uncut fangs
It may take an arduous path
But be torn down it endlessly to achieve your dream
So just fly
Fly high
Into the distant future
Episode Twenty-three:
"Team"
This is finally it.
Yeah.
They'll finally settle things with Seijou in this set.
Give us a good serve!
Go, Asahi!
All right!
Give us a good one, Oikawa!
Get it up.
You have to get the ball up no matter what.
We can't let them get ahead early.
We have to stop them here!
Olé!
It's so fast.
It's going over the net! Watch for the return spike!
I couldn't react even though he hit it right at me!
Just spike it, Kyoutani!
All right!
Good. Mad Dog's engine is still warm.
Oikawa's serves are definitely a problem.
C'mon, you have to stop him.
Keep fighting, guys!
Give us another good serve, Oikawa!
Olé!
All right!
It's up!
Cover it!
Yeah!
Nice spike, Tanaka!
They somehow managed to stop Oikawa.
Thanks!
Well done, Ryuu!
All right!
Tsukishima! You're serving next!
Oh, right.
Aoba Jousai                  Karasuno
Give us a good serve, Tsukishima!
Got it!
Mad Dog!
Yeah!
Nice spike!
Kyoutani has a lot more energy when he's in the front row.
Hopefully he'll be able to keep it up until the end.
Their ace has both power and technique.
They also have number sixteen,
who's an annoying decoy on top of his offensive prowess.
And then there's Oikawa, who's starting to land his serves.
If we can't counter those three, we're done for!
Both of us are talented.
The more we struggle for dominance,
the more fatal the consequences will be...
...when one of us loses our balance.
Hang on and don't let go!
All right!
Aoba Jousai                      Karasuno
The last set is really close too.
But neither team has taken a significant lead yet.
This is where they have to fight really hard to not fall ever further behind.
Asahi! Get this one!
Yeah!
N—
Nice aim!
There was no way you could've gotten that one.
Just get the next one!
Aoba Jousai                   Karasuno
Do it again, Asahi!
Yes!
Nice receive!
Yeah!
Damn it...
Here he comes again.
Give us a good one, Oikawa!
Olé!
Yes!
Here's our chance! Tanaka!
Now score here and stop Oikawa from serving!
Okay!
Watch the fast attack!
Nice receive!
Finish it, Kyoutani!
Watch the right!
Tanaka.
Shut down!
Yes! They did it!
Yes!
Nice block!
Tsukki and Tanaka switched places just now.
Yeah.
Did they predict that a straight spike was coming?
Great job, Tsukishima!
I knew it.
Tanaka's been getting into it
with number sixteen, hasn't he?
You mean like pick a fight with the guy?
Like in the second set,
he kept trying to do a wipe off of number sixteen's block.
Or when there wasn't anyone blocking a cross-court spike, he hit a straight spike that barely got past number sixteen.
Seriously? I didn't notice!
It looks like number sixteen is fighting back
and hitting straight spikes to where Tanaka is.
I think Tsukishima also figured that out.
You predicted him so well, Tsukishima!
How'd you come up with that?
It was nothing.
This is a chance to take the momentum.
Don't let it go to waste!
Got it!
Nice receive.
Watch number sixteen!
You need to get that point back yourself!
It's going out!
All right!
Yes! Finally!
All right! They turned it around!
Karasuno
Aoba Jousai
Keep it up!
Yeah!
Looks like we pushed the right buttons for number sixteen.
Don't tell me Ryuu did that on purpose!
No.
He may've been challenging him, but that wasn't his goal.
That's just his nature.
And I guess Tsukishima was able to take advantage of said nature.
Seijou seemed as solid as a rock,
but now we're starting to see some cracks.
This is our chance to bring them down!
Let's keep the pressure on!
Yeah!
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
H
a
S
e
i
c
k
y
o
n
u
d
S
e
!
a
s
o
n
Who's that? A high school kid?
He said he just wants to practice with us.
I saw him with a different club on Saturday.
If he's in high school, what about his school's team?
He's probably the type that doesn't get along with the rest of the team.
Is he going through his rebellious stage?
I'm surprised he's playing a team sport.
I'm sure he's playing because
there's something he likes about it.
Oh, Kiyoshi.
Hi.
Otherwise, he wouldn't come
all the way out here to practice.
Japan! Japan! Japan! Japan!
W-Well, we're always short on people,
so it's probably fine.
Not to mention, he's better than us.
What?!
I could take him!
Someone's mad.
Shut up.
Give us another good serve, Tsukishima!
Got it!
Mad Dog!
All right!
Aoba Jousai                  Karasuno
The timeout didn't help, did it?
Maybe this is his limit.
Seijou's got plenty of players,
so why don't they switch him out?
Switch gears!
Just focus—
Go scold him, Iwa!
You need to calm down if you
want to go back out on the court.
Pull yourself together already.
We've got our backs to the wall here.
Like I care. Shut up.
All right!
Yahaba, don't push him too much.
Sorry, but no.
You fell for our opponent's taunts,
got pissed off, and then self-destructed.
Talk about lame.
What?
You had the nerve to come back,
and then you got to play right away.
Some guys have a problem with that.
Me, for example.
But...
It's not like he caused any problems,
so I guess it doesn't matter as long as we can use him in matches.
Will he be able to keep up in practice?
He'll have blanks to fill.
Communication is one of those.
Well...
Those aren't the movements of someone who hasn't been practicing.
I thought it was pretty cold-hearted to both you and us.
But that's not the problem.
Left!
The players we need in order to win are chosen as regulars.
I touched it!
Someone cover it!
Got it!
And you were one of the chosen.
So do your job right.
I think Yahaba's gonna get bitten.
Hope he's okay.
Go stop him.
No way!
Well, that's all just a facade.
If you ruin this for our upperclassmen,
I'll never forgive you!
I thought you were more shallow than that.
You're not wrong there.
I may be shallow, but I respect our upperclassmen.
As long as you're on the court,
any point won or lost belongs to the team.
So come on.
Help us win.
Got it!
Center!
Kunimi!
Kunimi's attack might be...
a tip!
Ryuu!
All right!
Aoba Jousai                Karasuno
Nice spike!
I'm amazed you saw that coming, Kageyama.
Thanks.
Huh? He's already back.
He's going back in?
That was quick.
I'm sure it's a gamble for Seijou, though.
All right!
Let it go!
S-Shake it off...
Nagamushi Jr. High               South Third Jr. High
He's not doing well today.
What should we do?
We don't have any better attackers than him.
But if his condition gets any worse, we're in for a boatload of trouble.
Let's just see how things go.
Give us a good serve, Tanaka!
Okay.
Nice receive!
Mad Dog!
Oikawa's a total sadist.
They have absolute trust in each other, no questions asked.
It's been a while since you started coming here,
lone wolf high school kid.
I heard you go to Aoba Jousai.
Aren't they pretty good?
I applied there but couldn't get in.
You're running away from your team
and practicing elsewhere without rest.
Sure are taking the easy way out, huh?
What?
A team is reliable, annoying at times,
and powerful allies, yet they cause a lot of stress.
You really think you're actually playing volleyball even though you can't face that head-on?
You need to face your team,
and your team needs to face you.
If you can do that, you may butt heads, but you'll both improve as a result.
All right!
And if you ever manage that, just know that you're lucky.
A team like that is hard to find.
All right!
Looks like a great team.
Yeah!
Make sure you face them head-on.
Sorry!
I'll get the next one!
Yeah!
Aoba Jousai                   Karasuno
Kyoutani, you're serving next.
That was a nice spike.
Thanks.
If number sixteen were on our team,
I wonder what I'd do in this situation.
Oikawa is amazing and terrifying at the same time.
All right, let's score here!
Yeah!
With that play, it appears as though the oddball
number sixteen now fits in with the rest of the team.
That can't be good.
We haven't lost
when it comes to our strength as a team.
This is just the start!
Yeah.
Give us a good serve, Kyoutani!
Ryuu!
Yeah!
Nice receive!
Nice one, Watacchi!
Watch the counterattack!
All right!
Damn it.
Aoba Jousai                  Karasuno
They're tied!
Seijou caught up!
Do it again, Kyoutani!
All right!
Here's our chance!
Hit it, Asahi!
Damn it... Sorry!
All right!
You're awesome, Asahi!
You totally blew them away!
Thanks!
So who's the upperclassman here?
They can dig out Hinata's spike if they predict
what he's going to do or force him to one side.
Yeah.
I have to use Hinata better.
All right!
Karasuno                  Aoba Jousai
Ugh, again?
I feel like my lifespan gets shorter
every time Oikawa goes up to serve.
Give us another good serve, Oikawa!
Oikawa, we're counting on you!
I feel like I'm going to throw up.
I'm sure we all do.
We're almost at the end of the set.
Giving up a lot of points right now would be fatal.
You have to stop him here!
Bring it!
Olé!
Daichi!
I can't believe he got that.
We have a chance here!
Damn it!
Watch for the fast attack!
Kindaichi!
It's fine.
If you have a request, say it!
Oikawa improves things if I say something, but if I hesitate, nothing gets across to him!
Hey, Oikawa.
That one is a bit hard to sync up with, or, like...
Got it.
But try again without changing anything.
Again!
For you, the point of impact...
needs to be about a ball's length closer!
Yes!
That was a really sharp broad jump.
Kindaichi's movements have changed since the interhigh.
Shake it off! We'll stop them here!
Concentrate on getting one point!
Karasuno                Aoba Jousai
Two in a row!
Seijou's turning it around in the second half of the set!
It's now an all-out war between the teams.
Indeed.
The person who brings up the Aoba Jousai team as a whole
is Oikawa, right?
Give us another good one, Oikawa!
Yeah, I know, sir.
But this isn't even close to the total strength of our team!
Bring it!
Come on!
Give us another good serve, Oikawa!
Olé!
Sorry!
Get it, Tsukishima!
Push it over, Kindaichi!
All right!
Thanks, Tsukishima!
Tsukishima, you're serving next!
Go wild out there, Shouyou!
Right!
We'll stop them at one point!
Yeah!
The Great King really is amazing.
Do you truly understand that?
I can tell there's something amazing about him.
However!
As long as I'm around, you're invincible!
That was cool, you know?
Seriously...
They keep digging out your spikes, so I don't know what you mean.
What'd you say?!
Baseless courage is good!
M-My courage isn't baseless!
All right!
Nice receive!
Mad Dog!
Nice contact!
Got it!
Give it to me!
I jumped too far forward!
The net's really close!
Isn't the set a bit close to the net?!
It's basically right on top of it!
No one's there!
Slam it down!
Up front!
When I was just a nobody, something lit up my eyes
I was merely a guy languishing complacently in the dark, happy with what I had
Now I'm torn toward the heavens even on a starless night
Whether our time comes to us or not is a matter for those in another world
That's right, our lungs pumping and our hearts beating is all we have in this new realm
We've always been dancing on an unlit stage, but now beyond that
We're awaiting the rising of a sun that none have yet witnessed
Now that we're deliberating at a crossroads, paths blurring together
We can feel it
Inside this uncharted world which has yet to take on a name
As I'm waiting for the dawn to reach my eyes with a familiar light
I'm reminded of days I won't return to, and seeking proof of newfound existence
We brace ourselves
It's finally the third set, and the score is 17-16.
It's the final stretch.
Yeah.
We're definitely gonna win.
Give all the sets to me!
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"The Absolute Limit Switch."
Episode Twenty-four:
The Absolute Limit Switch
Don't just ignore me!